Distinguishing procuring entities (#43)
open-contracting-extensions/government-procurement-agreement: docs/gpa.md

    * Enter the *name of the procuring entity* in its `name`
    * Enter the *address of the procuring entity* in its `address`
    * Enter *other information necessary to contact the procuring entity* in its `contactPoint`
    * Add a `Classification` object to its `details/classifications` array

>       * Set its `scheme` to 'GPA_COVERAGE_SCHEDULE' ([GPA coverage schedule documentation](https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/gproc_e/gp_app_agree_e.htm#revisedGPA))

Reviewer: For the EU profile, we copied the XML element names, but in general we prefer lower camel case, so:
```suggestion
      * Set its `scheme` to 'gpaCoverageSchedule' ([GPA coverage schedule documentation](https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/gproc_e/gp_app_agree_e.htm#revisedGPA))
```

      * Set its `id`

>         * to 'annex-1' if the procuring entity is a central government entity
>         * to 'annex-2' if the procuring entity a sub-central government entity
>         * to 'annex-3' if the procuring entity is another type of entity

Reviewer: Similarly, lower camel case would be:

```suggestion
        * to 'annex1' if the procuring entity is a central government entity
        * to 'annex2' if the procuring entity a sub-central government entity
        * to 'annex3' if the procuring entity is another type of entity
```
